---
title: "Resume Insect P3-4"
author: [Example Author, Another Author]
date: "2017-02-20"
keywords: [Markdown, Example]
footer-left:
---
#

## Review Vocabulary
* [ ]

## New Vocabulary
* [Dire] adj, extremely serious or urgent.

[Insect](https://www.npr.org/sections/goatsandsoda/2022/02/24/1082752634/the-insect-crisis-oliver-milman)

### P1
There are global decline 40% of all insect.
In 2019, 40% insect went through global decline and 25% of them are endangered.

Population of insects is threatened habitat loss, pesticides and climate changed.

There are threats of insect population worldwide due to habitat loss, pesticides and climate changes.


### P2
People will be suffering because of endangered insect. Less information.
Although it appears good without many cockroaches, the environmentalist
Despite bad assumption of the present of roaches, the environmentalist show that the extiction of insect would be detrimental for human being. They higlight some of the benefit of insect including pollinating the plant we eat, breaking down the waste in forest soil, and forming the of a food chain that other species rely upon.

### P3
Without insect, the place we are living can be dire. The place would be full of rotting feces and corpes because no insect could break those down. They call this as mass startvation and societal unrest.

### P4
Although it is imposible to understand the situation of insect around the world, the overall trend is not good. This statement has more explanation in Milman's Book  called *The Insect Crisis: The fall of the tiny empires that run the world*. He pointed out that a thousand of insect would go extinct, some of them even in a matter of decaedes.

### P5
