---
title: "Task 2022-06-06"
author: [english]
keyword: [productive]
---
<!-- Any L,R,W,S, grammar and vocabulary -->
# Topic and Resource\
In the developed world, average life expectancy is increasing.

What problems will this cause for individuals and society? Suggest some measures that could be taken to reduce the impact of ageing populations.

Grammar : past particple used as adjective [link](https://www.grammar-monster.com/glossary/past_participles.htm)


<!-- Develop the topic by using ideas down below -->
# 2-4 sentence ideas task \
Topic: several problems of ageing populations\
Main issue: more retired people who receive a pension\
Explain: fewer working people means less tax income for governments\
Result: a greater tax burden for working adults\
Another problem: increasing need for elderly care\

<!-- Rewrite and develop any story -->
# 2-4 rewritten sentence task
The rain was falling heavily. It was like driving through a thick curtain of water. He eased off the accelerator a little. Had to be careful on wild nights like this. The last thing you want is to have an accident or a breakdown. You just want to be at home on these stormy nights. The "thwack-thwack" of the windscreen wipers was hypnotic. He stared out into the glow of the headlights. The rain sounded like white noise interference as it battered the car. He was reminded of the opening scenes of various Hitchcock films.

[escaped man](https://teacherluke.co.uk/2021/09/08/739-the-escaped-man-by-ct-platt-learn-english-with-short-stories/)

# Vocabulary review \
* recede = v. to pull back or move away/ backward
* flinch = v. draw back, as with fear or pain = flinch from any crime
* grinned = express with broad smile
* thumping = v. pounding or throbbing in heavy, continuous way. = was thumping in his chest
* wry = adj. dry, especially mocking, humor/ masam = wry amusment
* industrialised nations
* there will undoubtedly be
* take steps to mitigate these potential problems
* several related problems can be anticipated


<!-- This document is the guidance for improve english skill -->
